Update decision-tree.md adding links (#36)
w3c/wai-arrm: content/visual-designer.md

{% include box.html type="start" h="2" title="Summary" class="full" %}
{:/}

> This page lists some digital accessibility tasks that are usually the responsibility of [@@role].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists some digital accessibility tasks that are usually the responsibility of visual designers.
```

[Read Lexie's full story](https://www.w3.org/WAI/people-use-web/user-stories/story-four/) and learn about other design tasks that benefit users like him.

> ### Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional resources
```
